add indexed set solution to usaco-898 (#1822)
cpinitiative/usaco-guide: solutions/usaco-898.mdx

Note: The video solution might not be the same as other solutions. Code in C++.
<Youtube id="6oyl7lTKdPY" />

## Implementation (Indexed Set)

**Time Complexity:** $\mathcal{O}(N\log N)$

First, read the official analysis. The editorial intends for a data structure that

> can count the number of elements of $S$ which are smaller than $y$.

> Rather than using a segment tree, we can instead use `order_of_key` to perform such queries in $\mathcal{O}(\log N)$ time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rather than using a segment tree, we can instead use an order statistic tree to perform such queries in $\mathcal{O}(\log N)$ time.
```
